I'm gonna be okay.
And you will too.
I need you. Ben.
New Eden can wait.
Admiral Anton Milius.
International Peacekeeping Forces.
You're taking me
to Melanie Cavill.
Audrey?
- They're coming.
- He's a friend.
Give me my daughter.
Don't... Don't fight!
They took Liana.
I'm going to find
who took Liana.
and I'm going to kill them.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I tried to warn New Eden.
Audrey?
Instead. they were
blindsided. just
like we'd been on the train.
Layton?
- Yeah. Hey. Audrey.
I'm here. I'm right here.
They took the train.
After Big Alice left us.
we circled the globe.
not knowing whether our
friends and loved ones
were alive or dead.
And then we were finally close
enough to hear from them.
all of us waiting for a sign.
Pre-Freeze. radio station
used between 25.000
to 100.000 watts to broadcast.
New Eden. my broadcast. best
case scenario. about 400 watts.
Hills. mountains. metals
block radio waves completely.
The signal's strength's
reduced with every object
it passes through.
So with 400 watts. it's
not exactly ideal. is it?
It's been three months.
Shortwave's a crapshoot.
I need to know she's OK.
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow. when we pass the
turning off for New Eden.
it's our best shot
at making contact.
And what if we
don't get a signal?
If we don't get a
signal. we hear from them
on our next revolution.
You know. for a mind
reader. sometimes.
I have no idea what's going
on in that head of yours.
OK.
Rock.
Puffy clouds.
Tiny shrub next to a rock.
I feel so much
closer to you now.
Mm-hmm.
Come on.
Let's go to bed.
We waited. month after month.
the guilt weighing us down.
And when we finally
did get a sign of life.
it wasn't from New Eden.
♪ Each time someone
speaks your name ♪
Radiation levels. swab.
span of the debris field.
Don't ask me.
I'm just a spotter in case
you fall in a hole again.
We're approaching drop off.
Once you're out. you'll
see a thick. black cloud
hovering over the crash site.
We'll follow it.
Braking full stop.
Snowpiercer. this is Ben.
Do you read me?
Mel? Do you copy? Come in.
Hey. scavengers. you
on your way back yet?
Ben. Till. do you copy?
It's Snowpiercer.
Come in.
I'll check the back channels.
Nothing.
Holy shit.
The Engine can't
idle for much longer.
Release safeties and all cold
locks and bay doors. please.
Their comms must be down.
They're boarding.
OK. then.
They're with us.
Admiral Anton
Milius. International
Peacekeeping Forces.
Everyone remain calm.
Everyone except you two.
Take me to Melanie Cavill.
Put that down or you get shot.
Till!
The night before
Melanie saw the rocket
was the last we knew of peace.
And with a single shot. the
peace ended on Snowpiercer.
879 cars long.
OK.
I'm gonna have to put a
lot of pressure on it. OK?
You need to warn Melanie.
No. I'm not leaving you
here alone like this.
It's OK.
He barely nicked me.
Hey. what are you doing?
No. sit back down.
You need to go
before it's too late.
I have to stop the bleeding.
No.
They're going to
take the Engine.
Just go.
Just go!
Hello?
Shit.
Let's reboot the comm system.
Evacuate First Class.
Please and thank you.
As head of hospitality.
it's my duty
to inform you that all new
passengers must report to the...
Shh.
Where's the panic button?
Panic button?
You know. to the Engine Room.
Under the desk.
Get to your quarters.
Fast.
All passengers.
evacuate First Class.
Move along. please.
This is Admiral Anton Milius.
I need you to open
that door immediately.
The train has to make
a turn coming up.
I'm going to need more
information. Admiral.
No. you do not.
I'm on the clock. Miss Cavill.
And now. so are you.
You have 30 seconds.
You're on my train.
My Engine.
This is an international
peacekeeping mission.
We are authorized to use force.
It's a vault door.
You can't breach it.
We don't have to breach.
We have a gun to a
passenger's forehead.
I'm all right. Mel.
I assure you. he is not
going to be all right.
You have 15 seconds.
Don't listen to him.
We've already shot
one of your people.
We don't want to shoot another.
Ben?
Ben. who?
- No one.
Five seconds.
- Do not open the door.
- 4.
3. 2...
Good. Glad we didn't
have to go there.
OK.
Admiral.
Escort them out.
You're going to need
an engineer to drive.
At least one of us has to stay.
We got it covered. Thank you.
Anyone can accelerate.
You need to balance the
expenditure against the intake.
Don't touch me.
Don't touch me!
You're bleeding.
I'm fine.
It was a trap.
Yeah.
They blew up a
rocket to lure us.
Who the hell are these people?
How did they even survive?
What turn are they
talking about?
I mean. our next
switch is New Eden.
That's over 1.000
kilometers away.
They shot Till.
That's who they shot.
Is she OK?
In the shoulder.
I don't know how she's doing.
I was dragged off.
Some peacekeepers.
How do we get out of here?
I don't know.
But I'm thinking.
- What's he doing?
- You know what?
Maybe you shouldn't spy on
him. just in case he sees or...
I got to get back downtrain.
He's leaving.
Yes.
You coming?
- You know what?
I think I'm just
going to stay put.
Yeah.
Maybe get some stuff done.
Attention. all passengers
in First and Second Class
are to evacuate to Third.
This is only a
temporary relocation.
The new passengers want
you to know that. um...
that. uh... oh. God...
that as long as you do as
you're told. all is well.
Thank you.
Oh. Pelton. we got
to get uptrain.
Jesus. Till. your shoulder.
They ambushed us.
They shot you?
There's only a handful of them.
Here.
Interior exit. posterior entry.
No major arteries.
Any dizziness or nausea?
We tried to lead them
away from the train.
But they chased us down.
Your heart rate's irregular.
We could take them.
You've lost a lot of blood.
We got to pack that wound.
No. we don't have time.
Your pulse says you're about
to pass out. so just shut it.
They took my clinic.
so it's not an option.
Yeah. Neither is this hallway.
This way.
Lean on me.
Wartime measures.
Your place is now a clinic.
Are there really
survivors out there?
Yeah. but they don't
give a shit about us.
Winston. we need to round
up anyone who can fight.
We outnumber them.
Not interested.
Sorry. Till.
You started drinking
again. right?
Yeah. You mind?
No.
You got anything strong on hand?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. that'll help.
You got any whiskey?
- No.
You drink it. and it's just
going to thin your blood.
This is to disinfect.
OK. just tell me when
you're going to put it on.
Could you bring me that plant?
Now.
Once the bandage is
taped on. keep it wet.
I'm soaking it in alcohol.
So hurry it up.
What the hell?
Ow. ow. ow. ow. ow. ow. ow.
Sterilizing the dirt.
I can pack the wound.
That's some medieval
shit right there. Pelton.
Hell of a view from up here.
I could get used to seeing
sunlight again. or the moon.
Red sky at night.
sailor's delight.
Clear for running.
Set switch for our new track.
On target for arrival at 13:15.
Bravo Zulu. Buff.
We are turning.
Is that east?
Can't be. There's
no track there.
We're not on Wilford
track anymore.
Whoever built that did it
quick. too. because that was
not there three months ago.
Shit.
If they have the manpower
to lay a new track.
how many more of
them are out there?
OK. well. we're going east.
so what's east of here?
Well. we turn before
the Ethiopian Highlands.
Right. so that's Eritrea.
Or Djibouti.
Djibouti.
International trade hub
for the entire continent.
International military hub.
They're going for
reinforcements.
We have an hour max
before we hit Djibouti.
Well. if this works.
we know our train.
We mess with them and
we don't let them dock.
Now.
Let's go.
Mel. come on.
Thanks.
We need to buy
ourselves some time.
Yeah.
Slow the train.
This way.
It's OK.
Find them.
Till.
Miles. have you seen Audrey?
No.
What happened to you?
Nothing.
I... I sent her uptrain
to warn Melanie.
- We did get warned.
- Yeah?
Someone signaled us
from hospitality.
That's right by the Engine.
I heard people are
gathering at the market.
Oh. maybe she's there.
Wow. a whole library
for Mr. Joseph Wilford.
Going in circles around
the seven wonders
of the world reading English
literature while my people work
the mines.
We see he enjoyed the classics.
Me. I prefer murder mysteries.
But there's not much mystery
to this murder. is there?
I know who did it.
What remains unknown is
your role in all this.
What can you tell me
about Melanie Cavill?
She's smarter than you.
Is Ms. Cavill a woman
of integrity. honor?
Does she keep her word?
What do you want with Melanie?
To pick her brain.
Through here.
What's all this?
This is where Ruth led the
rebellion against Wilford.
She spent six months down here.
Six months?
And I bet she never complained.
Think she knew her foxhole
accessed a brake line?
Wouldn't put it past her.
Big Alice was going far
too slow for Ruth to grind
her brakes. even as a threat.
No time like the present.
Your friend. Miss Cavill?
Let's make an example.
She's not there.
Audrey.
- Till!
Oh. God. look at you.
You look terrible.
Get down!
It's locked.
Hey! Open the door!
100 passengers are
being held captive
in a partially breached car.
In 20 minutes. they will freeze
unless Melanie
Cavill surrenders.
They're in the Market car.
They got two guards...
Don't be a hero.
They rarely survive.
Shit.
Two guards.
Two guards in the Market.
That's one in each entrance.
One gunman. we can handle that.
Wait. if there are
two at the Market.
one's driving. another
at the Ark door.
that means there's only one
left to guard the admiral.
This is our chance to
take back the Engine.
There's 100 passengers
about to freeze to death.
We need to focus
on freeing them.
Yes. we will. from the Engine.
The driver's cab
has that fail-safe.
If the temperature
drops near freezing.
the doors will open to
flush out the cold air.
I can rewire the airflow system
from the Engine's air shaft.
To freeze the Engine?
The doors will open
before it freezes.
That fail-safe's a gamble.
We've never tested it.
Yeah.
But it'll work.
How do you plan to
get in the air shaft?
The only access is
through the Engine.
Not if you open the intake.
That's completely crazy. Mel.
You're going to crawl through
the intake from outside?
I told you not to open the door.
Yeah.
But I did.
I did.
Now we have to get
back the Engine.
We better make sure they
don't see you coming.
Let's go.
The temperature
is dropping fast.
Let us out!
We'll have to seal the hole.
Your lips are blue.
Everybody's lips are going to
be blue if we don't get on it.
Help each other.
Go.
OK. everyone. everybody. get
in the center. right here.
Really close.
Get up all the blankets you can.
People who are on the outside.
take care of them
over there. and...
Hey. hold this.
Why?
You're going to help
me plug up that hole.
OK. OK.
OK.
It's not sticking.
It froze on the way up.
Wait. wait. alcohol has a
lower freezing temperature.
Shove it in the hole.
Good job.
OK. now go back to
where it's warmer.
Everyone. please. get together.
Huddle.
Huddle together.
Everyone together.
Huddle together as tight
as you can. please.
When you reach the Engine.
I'll open the intakes for you.
Yes. That's why
we're arriving late.
She did something to the brakes.
Are 100 people really
going to die for that?
That's up to her.
I'll deal with the
fallout either way.
You just make sure you hold
up your end of the bargain.
Hello?
What's your updated ETA?
Should be there in under 20.
Be ready for us.
Let's move out.
Melanie?
Can you hear me?
Ben?
Are you there?
You know. I've been
thinking. reception is pretty
lousy here for a luxury liner.
Remind me when we get home.
I'll file a complaint.
OK. made it.
Intakes are activated.
Intake's open.
Good.
How's it look?
Like if I entered.
I'd be sprayed out.
That's very visual.
Thank you.
Ben.
We're going underground.
Nearly there.
Any day now.
Initializing cleaning
protocol sequence.
Clear. Clear.
Go. go. go.
It's negative 40.
Jesus mother of goddamn
shit. it's cold.
I bet you wish you
went to New Eden. huh?
You have a way with
people on this train.
I admire that in you.
No. don't do that.
We're going to be OK.
You bought us time by
plugging that hole.
When the train was separating
and we were standing
on either side of the door.
did it ever cross your mind
to join me in New Eden?
Yes. of course.
I'm at the control panel.
You're making good time.
Airflow rerouted.
Mel. they're decelerating.
I know.
They made it.
Unfortunately.
You can't kill me.
You would have already.
Did they order you not to?
Let's get out of here.
Miles.
Get out of my Engine.
This is your last warning.
because I will shoot.
Don't do that. Mel.
Nima?
Can we please just...
Are we connected
to the power grid?
Affirmative. sir.
Upon arrival.
Gives you time to catch up.
It's nice to see you.
How did you...
how did you survive?
Where were you?
Here?
International Peacekeeping
conscripted my research
team when the weather turned.
Your MIT fellowship?
No. Selection wasn't up to me.
Nothing was.
US Air Force flew me
here to this bunker.
along with another 80 scientists
and engineers tasked
with correcting
the government's mistakes.
Or. as they prefer
to say. pioneering
the next age for humankind.
I haven't seen the
sky since that flight.
Well. your admiral
hijacked my train.
I can explain.
Why didn't he explain?
You were threatening him.
That's bullshit.
It was an ambush from the start.
He shot a passenger.
He held a gun to Ben's head.
He threatened to freeze
a car of civilians.
Admiral Milius has a temper.
I don't agree with his tactics.
but he's uncompromising.
and Snowpiercer
needed to dock here.
Well. we're here.
So. why?
My research team developed
a compound that triggers
CW-7 to denature in
the upper atmosphere
and fall from the sky.
We've only launched missiles
from a single location.
but our compound
has followed weather
patterns across
half the equator.
creating six warm spots.
Sulawesi. Gujarat...
Managua. Atacama...
Korea. and the Horn.
That was you.
It was my team.
But now. we hit a barrier.
These warm spots. they
need to grow and mix
and feed off one
another into a web
that extends across the globe.
But with half the equator
still in deep freeze.
there's no point.
It's six candles in a blizzard.
It's why we need
Snowpiercer to help
launch our compound from the
opposite side of the planet.
On the chance it'll work.
It did work.
I'll show you.
We still have one
working satellite.
They're living outside.
Well. this is every trial.
every test we've run.
Go through it.
We're on the verge
of a breakthrough.
This colony living in the
Horn. what if we could
make it like that everywhere?
Two floors of
supercomputers. engineering
a project of this scope. I mean.
we'd never think to consider
it. but it's possible.
Yeah.
I mean. I'd have
the computing power
for modeling and
simulation. and the labs
for chemical testing.
And shorten the
train's revolution.
Come by here monthly to pick
up your blueprints and data.
So what about the train?
I mean. say I'm able to
engineer the retrofit
to carry out the mission.
Can she handle it?
What do you think?
Remodeling is very likely going
to cause irrevocable damage.
But isn't that the point?
If we're successful.
we don't need
a train to stay alive anymore.
It's also asking a
lot of the passengers.
No.
I mean. they'd be doing
the heavy lifting.
We'd prioritize essential
labor and systems.
Still it would be tricky.
We'd have to extend hours.
Yeah. but. you know. when we
tell them that the people are
living outside in
New Eden. hopefully.
they want to be part of it.
And we'd be boarding a
civilian workforce to help.
But no military
presence. and no guns.
I have the admiral's word.
That man. we can't trust.
No.
No. I don't trust him.
But I trust the data.
And the proof's in the work.
I mean. it lines up with
all of our research.
Dr. Nima Rousseau.
It's no surprise that
at the end of the world.
they'd want to keep him around.
He's a serious thinker.
He always has been.
It's a risk.
But what if this is it?
They're alive.
Before Alex left. she
told me she couldn't
even remember the Earth.
You have the train. Mr. Knox.
I'll keep her warm for you.
- Move that over this way.
- Move it.
I'm gonna miss you.
Track scaler's
programmed for New Eden.
Please. don't touch
any of the settings.
We are 2 kilometers
from the drop.
Till. thank you.
Whatever.
What if Miles
misheard the admiral?
The words ambush and New
Eden are pretty distinct.
So they were already
on their way?
I don't know.
But if there's
any chance they're
planning some sort of an
attack on our friends.
I gotta warn them.
I owe that to Layton.
You're crazy. you know that?
I wouldn't last three
seconds in this thing.
If you die in this thing...
I promise to come
back and haunt you.
Parallel track approaching.
Till. you ready? Can I breach?
Not yet.
Audrey's just exiting.
Oh. shit.
Go. go. go!
Hold on. we got a visitor.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
Till. do you copy?
It's now or never.
Ben. it's me.
You have to send me instead.
All right. all right.
Hold on.
OK. OK.
And then it was just
me. alone in the cold.
hoping I'd reach you. warn you.
It's still too late.
I'm sorry.
What would they want with Liana?
I need air.
All this time. I
thought Miles was safe.
I thought we were safe.
Melanie surrenders
the train to soldiers.
Headwood takes Liana.
Hey. Layton.
Layton. where are you going?
To find them.
I need to fight
for my baby girl.
Those voices you're hearing?
Those are people watching us.
Our mission is
important to the world.
We have to take him down.
The days of hijacking
trains are over.
We will not survive
without the engine.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm